hey guys so we're back in Whistler we're
going to be heading back to Vancouver
really soon but wanted to come in here
in this afternoon sort of check things
out around town because you've only
really seen it at night in our videos
have crazy awesome place here as you can
see mountains right behind me over here
we've got the novelty-sized Olympic
rings that ever since we've been here
it's just been one string of hilarious
and interesting photos of people after
another taking pictures of the Rings
means that might try and grab one after
this I've got the Olympic store over
there that I don't think ur be able to
see right behind us here is where we
were for the medal ceremony other night
and tonight well we will be here the two
Canadian bobsled teams that won gold and
silver well Zeb and I were cheering them
on they're going to be winning there or
they're going to be receiving their
metals here tonight so that's going
great so we're just going to head up
into the village show you around just a
tiny bit and yeah hopefully you guys
think it's as cool as we do alright so
downtown on one of those strips in
Whistler got some live music going on
down here we just wanted to show you
this behind us it's the Jamaica house
and there's a lot of different house
this is like a Swiss va0 obviously
there's a lot of stuff for Canada really
cool but there's actually one to make an
athlete in these games but yet they have
their own
so the national pride goes crazy at the
Olympics it's a really cool thing and
apparently it's weird as far as I'm
Eagle bar they'd taken over according to
our Durga in your sky is a pretty dirty
spot so that's kind of funny but we
needed to show it because we all
remember the 1988 to make a bobsled team
immortalized by our boy John Candy go
canada life the jamaica
hey guys so we were just beside a
balloon compete so is it I just got a
couple of slices one of the many nice
little local pizza shops things around
here just came out my pizza tray or
whatever and learned that apparently the
garbage cans and Whistler are bear proof
so you hear about bears but apparently
it's actually a real problem around here
i think that there's been too many
people here this week to scare them away
but you literally have to go through a
bit of an operation just use the garbage
can there so that was kind of neat and
wanted to share hey guys here we are
whistler village now whistler village is
amazing there's so many shops and
restaurants and bars a lot of things to
do down here and Lane and I being the
unofficial correspondence for the CBC at
the Winter Olympics man we're actually
going to go inside lululemon to meet
them and talk about the unofficial gear
that everyone seems to be wearing and
it's flying off the shelves here in
Whistler now funny thing is Lane was
actually offered money for his Winter
Olympic Canada gloves and being the
great canadian that he is he held on to
them so anyways we're gonna go in the
store and we're going to check it out
let's go late and i have been in
vancouver now for just about a week and
I've seen this year just all over the
place in vancouver in investment and
obviously you guys are sort of dubbed
the unofficial folding suppliers of the
Olympic Games and Lane and I are had the
unofficial correspondence ideally
and what makes job yeah well it's um I
guess first and foremost equality it's a
quality guy and and it works great so
people were used to lululemon know is
for our quality and if you don't have
heard about it when it's been a media
whether it's this my official all that
you sort of can take on it by the media
I'm going to come in and they get into
our product and it's worked great for us
right now the biggest item that we've
seen has been the hockey helmet toots
yeah so Joe have right here I've got one
right here and this is essentially
something that we wanted to do to really
support Canada and how people wear my
games and you know what it's yours can
be cold here at some point what a lot of
people forget their past better might
have functional thing that's also kind
of fun soon as we just cheer on this
thing so he's been pretty exciting
actually comes with some black teeth so
make up to date your ass right on is
that we were trying to run all the rules
that vanoc published and it's a huge
volume of road regulations and we didn't
want to do anything against our rules so
we actually read very carefully and all
what we call it this model Invictus
non-bank it's not 2010
Ariana and we came up with this cool
sporty but it takes place in British
Columbia between 2009 and 2011 and the
designer said wow that's great why don't
we put that in some of the garments so
leave me with this possible addition and
they just put the tag in the hoodie and
that's what kicked off the media then
hockey shoes tape said this was out of
poor sportsmanship which we didn't feel
it was and we have picked it up with
probably the biggest success nothing
about this too is the Canadian the red
one or the white one are the only one to
have a gold zipper nice yeah all the
other thing they're having white horse
ownership brown or many Canada once a
world and that that's kind of like the
lucky movie gold zipper in a couple days
tomorrow for the women actually today
alright guys as you can see things never
really stopped here in Whistler live
music on the background people running
around all over the place on the streets
but then I got to bust the catch we're
going back to van to cheer on Canada for
a gold medal in women's hockey you're
like melon man sobbing gold medal in
men's and women's curly I don't even
know what else we're gonna be so many
gold medals and I feel it we got to go
now so thanks a lot for coming to
Whistler with us